Free tier docs (#3084)
earthly/earthly: docs/cloud/earthly-ci.md

* **Great for Monorepos and Polyrepos** - Earthly CI is great for both monorepos and polyrepos. You can organize your build logic however makes the most sense for your project. The caching ensures that only what has changed is rebuilt.
* **Remote build runners** - Earthly CI comes with access to Earthly Satellites. This means that you can run ad-hoc remote builds in CI from your laptop without having to commit code to Git with every attempt.

## Getting started

### 1. Sign up for Earthly Cloud (free)

> Visit [Earthly Cloud](https://cloud.earthly.dev/login) to create a free account and get started with Earthly CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit [Earthly Cloud](https://cloud.earthly.dev/login) to create a free account and get started with Earthly CI.
Earthly CI is part of Earthly Cloud. You can use it for free as part of our free tier. Get started with Earthly Cloud by visiting the [sign up](https://cloud.earthly.dev/login) page, and get 6,000 build minutes/month for free.
```

earthly registry --org <org-name> --project <project-name> setup --cred-helper gcloud --gcp-service-account-key <key> <host>
```

### 4. Invite your team

> A final optional step is to invite your team to use Earthly CI. This can be done by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A final step is to invite your team to use Earthly Cloud. This can be done by running:
```
